just give us a bit of the packets of
mastery barber used to be
bangers and mash my mother never made me
bang as much she made me known bag a
prat first gen bit cat awful dry but
this is far superior from the UK in with
some red onions and some star anis just
to boost some of those meaty flavors and
here you see I'm just using a skillet
pan don't you if you can don't use a
nonstick pan because you won't get that
fond if you can see that collection of
flavor in the base of the pan which I
just continually deglaze let that water
evaporate and then let that fum build up
again and then add water again and
repeat that process about three or four
times then I just add some garlic and
cook that off about 30 seconds and then
I add some flour and cook that off for
about two minutes then I add a load of
water and then I kind of go a little bit
crazy with the ingredients I add quite a
lot I just really want to just to
showcase some of the ingredients that
you can put into such a gravy as so some
chicken stock some Tabasco some HP sauce
not not a lot of any of these
ingredients just tiny amounts some
Marmite that is a really great flavor
booster some bay leaves some Worcester
Chester Shire sauce some pepper and I
wouldn't wouldn't say you'd have to add
all of these ingredients but it really
was a fantastic gravy some balsamic and
some ketchup and these all thicken the
gravy as well so you don't need to add
as much flour and you'll still get quite
a nice thick gravy and then I take out
the bay leaves and I add in some
rosemary of some sage and then I just
turn off the heat I don't want to cook
those herbs aggressively they're just
browning off the sausages
and now I am going to make my mash I've
boiled some potatoes I may put some milk
and some butter in the pan and some
mustard some horseradish some pepper and
then I'm Irish my potatoes I find that
this gives them gives you a much
smoother mash than using a potato masher
and then I add some parmesan
I just tried that out because I saw
Nigel Slater doing that once and I
thought I'd try it out and a bit more
milk because it wasn't very it was a bit
too thick and here it needed seasoning
and I always look is there anything I
can use over than just salt to season my
food and in this case I thought celery
salt would work quite well and it did
and there you go there it is there it is
lovely delicious really good bye bye